hey guys chem 13 here bringing you guys
with a Naruto Shippuden custom
minifigure and obviously we have Naruto
here and it's great to finally have him
made this is Naruto Uzumaki in case you
guys didn't know his last name which
most of you probably don't and this is a
minifigure I've been wanting to make for
a really long time and before I continue
I just like to apologize the last couple
of days I've been like really really
really really busy with homework and you
know my guys even usually when I'm
really busy with homework I'm able to
post a video but I was just a really
tired and B I just have so much homework
so I really apologize about that but I'm
going to make it up today by maybe doing
two videos we'll see so let's continue
with this amazing awesome minifigure
there aren't too many people out there
who make custom Naruto minifigures
so is there's not a lot to compare with
but I'm very pleased with how mine
turned out and we're gonna start off
here with what I would consider one of
the harder parts the other annoying
thing with this minifigure is that since
I use Sharpie it took forever for
everything to dry so the head took quite
a bit of work especially the face
Naruto's got the like whiskers there put
the yellow hair there and this was a
Count Dooku hairpiece that I sacrificed
and the yellow came out very well
actually
and then I finished coloring the head
there because Naruto doesn't have a gap
with the hair this was a closest
hairpiece I could find that wasn't yeah
this pretty much is not the best
hairpiece for Naruto and I really
strongly believe that Lego should be
making Naruto sets especially
considering that Disney has
has Naruto Shippuden playing on Disney
XD and that's been on for a while so
clearly after showing it on a Disney
Channel show you know it's gotta be
appropriate I would say enough I mean
there are some parts I'd say maybe
aren't the best for younger kids but for
the most part I mean it's finer they
like since they're doubt some stuff when
they translate it over and to English
especially on Disney but it's like the
best show I've been watching it for
probably eight or so years and it's
really really really good I highly
suggest watching it there's a website
that I use called kiss anime calm so
it's ki SS a and I am e.com and yes Oh
check it out I challenge you guys all to
watch the first episode of Naruto and
make sure you click the dub version
because that's in English unless you
want to watch it in Japanese with
English subtitles that then it would say
sub so yeah sorry on my little rant so I
Lego has made a kunai it's a little bit
awkward in terms of size but it's from
Ninjago it looks cooler if you go like
that um but I I'm still giving it to
Naruto so I use the construction workers
tour so as you can tell the zipper piece
is actually really nice I feel like I
should have kept that somehow um yeah I
don't know if that would have been a
possibility or not now that I'm looking
at it or no I couldn't because then you
have these like weird orange pockets in
the back but it's a great zipper
printing which Naruto has on his torso
and you can tell some of the sharpies
kind of come off unfortunately but I
just haven't been able to get any like
good paint unfortunately
I don't really go to the craft store or
anything like that so yeah and then I
painted on our white icing painted shark
meat on his boots as you can tell down
there I mean he's got his pockets right
there on the black arms with the looks
like a black jacket and then he's got um
his flesh scarred hands and then this is
just part of what his leg looks like
there and the other shoes so yeah
there's not a lot more to say about this
minifigure but I'm doing an updated
version of my sasuke uchiha minifigure
which I did a while ago so I really hope
you guys enjoyed this video I know it's
a little bit longer than some of my
other videos but if you did give it a
nice big thumbs up but don't forget to
subscribe and leave some epic comments
thank you guys for watching